---
title: 2024-11-27 - Beginning of development
date: 2024-11-27
image: red_mountain.jpg
position: 50% 40%
tags:
  - Meeting-notes
  - Year-1
  - Weekly-Sync
---

Previous meeting: [[content/Meeting notes/Weekly sync/2024-11-14 - Paper idea 1|2024-11-14 - Paper idea 1]]
# Progress

_What was done/accomplished this week?_

- Benevol was very interesting, a good introduction to the world of conferences
- Contacted [Bourr  et al. 2023](https://pubblicazioni.unicam.it/handle/11581/484448) -> [[content/Meeting notes/Ad-Hoc meetings/2024-11-25 - Discussion with Khalid Bourr|2024-11-25 - Discussion with Khalid Bourr]]
- Set a date to talk to Elena Torta, 2024-12-11. A bit far sadly.
- Explored some nice papers about defining visual languages.
	- [Moody  et al. 2009](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/5353439/?arnumber=5353439)
	- [Caire  et al. 2013](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/6636711?casa_token=sDFPDsWXT4kAAAAA:b5aebd-sefXhBfFRDfJtuT5oGMvVRbKa-w8Ap7PZRL2S-oX2wsG11JGo4Q1RHWKDJQnuqpQ)
- Looking into expanding RoboSC with a visual wrapper

# Points of discussion

_What was discussed in the meeting?_

- Is there a subset of sysml that the visual language can be equated to?

# To do

_What is the plan for next week?_
### Part 1 - Quick meeting with Loek

- Look further into visual representation of languages
- Test roboSC ([Wesselink  et al. 2023](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10161436/?arnumber=10161436&tag=1)) and start with the abstract definition of a visual wrapper around it:
	- What do we want to represent? 
	- What are the essential concepts? 
	- What lacks in the underlying language?
- Talk to Ivan about RoboSC
	- Was the meta-model ever used? If not, why not?
	- Other ideas?
---
### Part 2 - Normal meeting

- 
